Touching down in a foreign land
With a thousand miles behind us—
Since we left our home,
It’s Jehovah’s hand
That is blessing ev’ry move.
And the work that we do isn’t easy,
But it’s all for Jehovah.
And the love that we feel
for this fam’ly is real,
So this we say to you:
“We’re all Jehovah’s people;
United, we are family.
“And though your land is far away,
We love you.
We’re your family.”
Waiting there as our plane came in,
You were reaching out to greet us.
Then the music starts, and the day begins,
And our love grows even more.
But we know that it’s only Jehovah
Who can cause this to happen.
So we’ll praise him together
and love him forever
On ev’ry distant shore.
“We’re all Jehovah’s people;
United, we are family.
“And though your land is far away,
We love you.
We’re your family.”
Silver wings fly across the sea
To a land so unfamiliar.
But we bring good news, and the ones we meet
Are so gentle, kind, and good.
And the love we receive from our brothers
Makes us feel we belong here.
So wherever we are and no matter how far,
We love our brotherhood!
It’s good to know
That we have family ev’rywhere we go—
From Mali to Mexico,
From Japan to Jamaica.
“We’re all Jehovah’s people;
United, we are family.
“And though your land is far away,
We love you.
“We’re your family.
“From ev’ry tribe and nation—
United, we are family.
“These bonds of love are plain to see
Because we’re Jehovah’s family!
“Fiji, Tahiti, and New Caledonia—
Navajo, Blackfoot, and Cherokee—
“Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, and Estonia—
We love you.
We’re your family.”